feat: mutability (#95)
exercism/cairo: concepts/mutability/about.md

# Mutability

Cairo, with its blockchain-oriented design, implements an immutable memory model by default. This means that once a value is written into memory, it cannot be overwritten, only read. However, Cairo provides a mechanism to create mutable variables using the `mut` keyword. When a variable is declared as mutable, and the value is changed, the new value is written to a new memory cell, and the variable is updated to point to the new cell. This mechanism allows for flexibility while maintaining the benefits of immutability.

## Declaring Immutable and Mutable Variables

```rust
let x = 5;
x = 2; // Error: cannot assign twice to immutable variable
```

> In the example above, `x` is declared as an immutable variable. When the value of `x` is changed, the compiler will throw an error because the variable is immutable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, `x` is declared as an immutable variable. When the value of `x` is changed, the compiler will throw an error because the variable is immutable.
```
Put this above the example

```rust
let mut x = 5;
x = 10;
```

> In the example above, `x` is declared as a mutable variable using the `mut` keyword. This allows the value of `x` to be changed after it is declared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can declare `x` as a mutable variable using the `mut` keyword. This allows the value of `x` to be changed after it is declared.
```
Put this above the example

> Upon examining the low-level Cairo Assembly code, it becomes clear that variable mutation is implemented as syntactic sugar, which translates mutation operation as a series of steps equivalent to variable shadowing. The only difference is that at the Cairo level for mutability, the variable is not redeclared so its type cannot change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
too much detail, let's keep it short and to the point

> 

Reviewer: Add just a short section on Constants
